---
hide:
  - navigation # Hide navigation
---

This is it!

Welcome to Ragdoll Dynamics, the real-time physics solver for Maya. With it, you'll be able to achieve *faster* and *more realistic* character animation with less work.

<br>

### What is Early Access?

Ragdoll is now in "Early Access" for the next 1-3 months. During this time, we'll round off corners and improve the overall experience - including more tutorials, more documentation and generally being here for you as we both take our first steps into this together. Unlike most new technology, there has never been a physics solver for animators before, everything we do from here on out will be virgin territory. Unexplored pastures, ripe with new discoveries.

So, if you're happy to dive into the unknown and learn the old-fashioned-way of trial-and-error, Ragdoll is yours.

Alternatively, sit back, relax and watch other people suffer through the growing pains of an early-stage startup for the next 1-3 months.

<br>

### Early Bird

During these first 1-3 months, there's carrot.

**Ragdoll Unlimited** is the unrestricted, full version of Ragdoll. The full price of which is £1950 for a floating licence. But because it's early, you'll get it for the price of **Ragdoll Complete** - £499 for a node-locked licence.

This will be reflected in the total price during checkout.

Once early access is over - 1 to 3 months from now - the price will return to normal.

<br>

### Immediate Roadmap

The next 1-3 months will have a singular focus.

- Reducing the learning curve

That means tutorials, documenation, interface tweaks, bug fixing, performance improvements and everything in between.

<br>

### Product Tiers

Ragdoll comes in 4 flavours.

- Apprentice
- Complete
- Unlimited
- Batch

Each flavour is priced differently to enable everyone access.

|                      | Apprentice | Complete | Unlimited | Batch
|:---------------------|:-----------|:---------|:----------|:---------
| Interactive Tools    | ✔️         | ✔️      | ✔️        |
| Python API           | ✔️         |         | ✔️        |
| Multi-Threading      | ✔️         |         | ✔️        |
| JSON Export          | ✔️         |         | ✔️        |
| 30-days Trial        | ✔️         |         |            |
| Per-process Licence  |            |         |            | ✔️
| Perpetual Pricing    | 0£         | £499     | £1299     | £199
| Subscription Pricing | 0£         | £55      | £80       | £20 
| Floating Licence     | +0%        | +50%     | +50%      | +50%
| Annual Upgrade Plan  | -0%        | -50%     | -50%      | -50%

<br>

### Pricing Options

Anyone who isn't a sizable studio gets a discount from the full price of £1950/seat.

- 30 days to try, free
- Individuals and students, £99/seat
- Studios and semi-large studios, £499/seat
- Full price, £1950
