---
title: Environment
description: Interact with complex polygonal geometry in its raw form
hidden: true
---

Highlight for this release is ...

- [**ADDED** Environment](#environment) Complex collision geometry, without the need for geometry simplification.
- [**ADDED** Automatic Mesh Islands](#automatic-mesh-islands) Ragdoll can now cut meshes for you, with a customisable amount of accuracy.
- [**ADDED** Soft Joints](#soft-joints) More natural ragdolls with some softness inbetween limbs
- [**ADDED** Licence Conservation](#licence-conservation) Lease only the licences you actively use
- [**ADDED** Select with the Manipulator](#select-with-the-manipulator) Selecting Markers got a bit easier
- [**ADDED** Export Flag](#export-flag) Choose which nodes to export
- [**ADDED** Reset Shape](#reset-shape)
- [**FIXED** Multiple Manipulators](#multiple-manipulators) Two or more solvers no longer breaks the Manipulator
- [**FIXED** Lease Licence in UI](#lease-licence-in-ui) Now you can actually use that Lease button
- [**REMOVED** Legacy](#legacy-removed) Legacy files still open and run, but can no longer be authored.

<br>

### Showcase

Before we get into the new features of this release, let's have a look back at some highlights of the week.

**For the Love of Ragdoll**

Animation by Kevin Taylor, model by Shaun Keenan.



<br>

### Environment

Ragdoll can now collide against normal polygonal geometry, without the need for a "convex hull".

!!! info "Caveats"
    Collisions take place against triangles, so it won't matter what your mesh looks like. It can have holes, valleys, 6-sided polygons, you name it.

    It cannot, however, change during playback. At all. This includes deformations and transformations. It will remain entirely static, the way it looked on the first frame.

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2152766/155138876-9544e306-c93f-4891-ad3d-070ed8a78826.mp4 controls

<br>

#### Performance

Spheres, capsules, boxes and convex hulls are fast and triangle meshes come at a performance cost. In reasonable cases however, you shouldn't notice much of an effect.

| Vertex Count | Cooking Time | Run-time performance
|:-------------|:-------------|:---------------------
| 400          | 0.39 ms      | 685 fps
| 8'000        | 3.51 ms      | 599 fps
| 16'000       | 14.3 ms      | 594 fps
| 64'000       | 61.5 ms      | 327 fps
| 256'000      | 287.7 ms     | 40 fps
| 1'000'000    | 1490 ms      | 2 fps

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2152766/155157548-7d8c7fee-4dfd-4822-be56-5f18ae4dd584.mp4 controls

<br>

### Automatic Mesh Islands

In the previous release, you were given the ability to slice a single mesh up into pieces, and have all pieces glued together as one complex shape. This grants you a great deal of control over the final collision shape, at the expense of that up-front effort.

This release introduces an automatic method of slicing up a given mesh, into a close approximation of the original mesh.

<br>

### Reset Shape

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2152766/155589792-71c0756b-a5a5-4721-b848-6456b5c2d274.mp4 controls


https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2152766/155589785-3a6d5e56-151a-4603-9a74-80ebf34a563c.mp4 controls


<br>

### Licence Conservation

!!! note "Applies to"
    This feature only applies to Floating Licence customers.

In the previous release, a licence was leased on plug-in load.

The problem was that, sometimes, an artist merely opens a scene with Ragdoll in it. Maya will determine that this file requires the Ragdoll plug-in to be loaded, and loads it. Upon load, Ragdoll would go ahead and check out a licence. But this artist doesn't necessarily want to interact with Ragdoll, it could have been a texture artist opening up an animator's scene, or someone rendering it.

This release introduces "licence conservation" which only tries to lease a licence upon a simulation taking place. That means a lease is not made on plug-in load, nor on scene open. If a solver is hidden from view, nor does it take place on playback start.

Only once simulation visibly begins is a lease requested, helping you save those precious seats for the artists that need it most.

Markers are still rendered in the viewport on the start frame for everyone, without a lease. The Solver is automatically hidden upon failure to lease a licence, pausing any further requests until it is made visible again.

<br>

### Minor Releases

Inbetween this release and the previous release there were a few minor releases made.

- Fix crash on fit-to-view
- Fix crash on replaced mesh with 0 vertices
- Hide prototype world and local attributes on rdgroup
