---
title: Maintenance Release
description: Minor fixes and tweaks
---

Minor release with some fixed for you, especially **Floating Licence users**.

- [**ADDED** Keyframe on Snap to Simulation](#snap-to-simulation) More use for this nifty little feature
- [**FIXED** Commarcial Floating Licences](#commercial-floating-licences) There was a glitch in the Matrix
- [**FIXED** Limits excluded from import](#limits-and-import) Limits were exported, but not imported
- [**FIXED** Z-up is inconsistent](#z-up-inconsistent) Foolproof implementation
- [**FIXED** Scaled Limits](#scaled-limits) The manipulator stuggled to display limits when scaled
- [**FIXED** Manipulator and Viewport Shadows](#manipulator-and-viewport-shadows) Now visible even in the darkest of times

<br>

### Snap to Simulation

In addition to recording your simulation, you can also snap your rig to wherever the simulation is *currently* at.

- [See original announcement](https://learn.ragdolldynamics.com/releases/2021.11.15/#snap-to-simulation)

However this only applied to things that aren't yet keyframed. Useful to layout and setting of an initial pose for your character.

With this release, it will also *keyframe* your rig, such that you can use it to interactively animate a character on specific frames, as you simulate. You know what, it's easier to just show you. 😄

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2152766/150513262-0c136967-1538-4c5a-bc10-3e84fb6ca82f.mp4 controls

<br>

### Commercial Floating Licence

A glitch was found that turned Floating Licences into non-commercial licences, imposing the recording and exporting limits of 100 frames and 10 markers.

This has now been fixed.

<br>

### Limits and Export

The new Import functionality introduced in the last version neglected to include *limits*, this has now been fixed!

<br>

### Z-up is Inconsistent

One user experienced having their gravity turned sideways, thinking Maya was configured with Z-up when really it was Y-up. It still unclear exactly *why* this happened, but the one potential edgecase has now been strengthened. If you experience gravity facing the wrong way, or the ground plane being orthogonal to your viewport grid, let us know!

<br>

### Scaled Limits

When your rig or controls are scaled, the Manipulator wasn't able to accurately provide you with the limit handles. This has now been fixed.

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2152766/150515264-06d170a3-6576-41bd-9dca-b55bc0a5701e.mp4 controls

<br>

### Manipulator and Viewport Shadows

It used to be the case that the manipulator became invisible whenever viewport shadows was enabled. This has now been fixed!
